Monte Carlo Simulation:
* A method of estimating the value of an unknown quantity using the principle of inferential statistics

* Inferential statistics:
Population:a set of examples
Sample: a proper subset of population
Key fact: a random sample tends to exhibit the same properties as the population from which it is drawn
That's exactly we did with random walk


Law of Large Numbers:
In repeated independent tests with the same actual probability p of a particular outcome in each test, the chance
that the fraction of times that outcome occurs differs from p converges to zero as the number of trials goes to
infinity.

gambler's fallacy:
people somehow believe that if deviations from expected occur, they'll be evened out in the future.
and we see something similar to this that is true but this is not true.and there is a great story about it
this truly happened in Monte Carlo, with Roulette.and you could either bet on black or red.Black came up 26 times
in a row.and what happened is, word got out on the casino floor that black had kept coming up way too often.
and people more or less panicked to rush to the table to bet on red, saying well it can't keep coming up black.
surely the next one will be red. and as it happened when the casino totaled up its winnings, it was a record night
for the casino.
probability of 26 consecutive reds 1/67,108,865 a pretty small number.but the probability of 26 consecutive reds
when the previous 25 25 rolls were red is what? 1/2 because these are independent events.

There is something - it's not the gambler's fallacy that's often confused with it, and that's called regression
to the mean.

Regression to the Mean:
if somebody's parents are both taller than average, it's likely that the child will be smaller than the parents.
Conversely, if the parents are shorter than average.it's likely that the child will be taller than average.
data actually supported this. and this let us to the notion of regression to the mean.and here's the way in
which it is subtly different from gambler's fallacy. what he said is:


* Following an extreme random event,the next random event is likely to be less extreme

* If you spin a fair roulette wheel 10 times and get 100% reds,that is an extreme event(probability=1/1024)

* It is likely that in the next 10 spins,you will get fewer that 10 reds
(But the expected number is 5)

So, if you look at the average of the 20 spins, it will be closer to the expected mean of 50% reds than to the
100% of the the first 10 spins.

Fundamental question of all computational statistics:
how many samples do we need to look at before we can have real,justifiable confidence in our answer.
look at variance pic.

Confidence Levels and Intervals:
Instead of estimating an unknown parameter by a single value(e.g., the mean of a set of trials), a
confidence interval provides  a range that is likely to contain the unknown value and  a confidence
that the unknown value lays within that range.

*The return on betting  a pocket 10k TIMES  in European roulette is -3.3%.The margin of error is +/- 3.5%
with a 95% level of confidence.
What does this mean?
IF I were to conduct an infinite number of trials of 10k bets each,
*My expected average return would be -3.3%
* My return would be between roughly -6.8% and +0.2% 95 % of time

How do we compute confidence intervals????
Most of the time we using empirical rule . empirical rule says that if I take the data, find the mean
compute the standard deviation  as we've just seen :
68 % of data within one standard deviation of mean
95% of data within 1.96 standard deviation of mean
99.7% of data within 3 standard deviation of mean

Assumptions Underlying Empirical Rule:
* The mean estimation error is zero
* The distribution of the errors in the estimate is normal

