

What is machine learning?
Fields of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
Traditional Programming:

data - >
           Computer -> Output   like square root finder
Program ->

Machine learning:
Data- >
        Computer ->Program  Like Curve fitting by linear regression
Output->

How Are things Learned?
Memorization:
Accumulation(Anbasht) of individual facts
Limited by                                  Declarative knowledge
*Time to observe facts
*Memory to store facts

Genralization:
Deduce new facts from old facts
Limited by accuracy of deduction process    Imperative Knowledge->Machine learnign used
*Essentially a predictive activity
*Assumes that the past predicts the future


Basic Paradigm:
1-Observe set of examples:training data (Football players,labeled by position,with height and weight data)
2-Infer something about process that generated that data(Find canonical model of positions, by statistics)
3-Use inference to make predictions about previously unseen data:test data(Predict Position of new players)

Variation on paradigm:
Supervised:given a set of feature/label pairs,find a rule that predicts the label
associated with a previously unseen data.

Unsupervised:given a set of feature vectors(without labels)group them into
"natural clusters" (or create label for groups)

See 2,3,4,5 pictures first.

Animal Example(See 6th picture in this package first):

We can think of our animal examples as consisting of four binary features
 and one integer feature

One way to learn to separate reptiles from non-reptiles is to measure the distance
between pairs of example, and use that:

*To cluster nearby examples into a common class(unlabeled data),or
*To find  a classifier surface in space of examples that optimally separates different
(labelled)collection of examples from other collections

rattlesnake=[1,1,1,1,0]
boa constrictor=[0,1,0,1,0]
dart Frog=[1,0,1,0,4]

Minkowski Metric (see picture 7)
dist(X1,X2,p)=(sigma(k=1 len) abs(X1k - X2k)**p)**1/p

p=1 Manhattan Distance
p=2 Euclidean distance


Classification and clustering are two methods
 of pattern identification used in machine learning.
 Although both techniques have certain similarities,
 the difference lies in the fact that classification uses
 predefined classes in which objects are assigned, while
 clustering identifies similarities between objects,
 which it groups according to those characteristics in
 common and which differentiate them from other groups of objects.
  These groups are known as "clusters".
In the field of machine learning, clustering is framed in unsupervised learning;
 that is, for this type of algorithm we only have one set of
 input data (not labelled), about which we must obtain information,
without previously knowing what the output will be.

Clustering is used in projects for companies that want to find common aspects
 within their customers to apply customer segmentation, create customer
 journey maps or find groups and focus products or services.
 Thus, if a significant percentage of customers have certain aspects in
 common (age, type of family, etc.) the company can justify a particular
 campaign, service or product.
 Clustering is also useful to obtain general insights and information.


 On the other hand, classification belongs to supervised learning,
  which means that we know the input data (labeled in this case)
  and we know the possible output of the algorithm. There is the
   binary classification that responds to problems with categorical
    answers (such as "yes" and "no", for example), and the
     multiclassification, for problems where we find more than two classes,
      responding to  more open answers such as "great", "regular" and "insufficient".

At Bismart we use classification and clustering in our projects,
which are framed in many different sectors. For example, in the social services
 industry, we have used clustering to identify population groups that use
 specific social services. From social services data, we have been able to
 identify or cluster groups of people who use similar services according to
 their attributes (number of people in their charge, degree of dependency,
 marital status...). Thus, we have been able to detect what type of service a
 new user of social services will need beforehand by comparing their
attributes with those of the clusters.

Classification is used when you need to know users or customers to decide which
products or campaigns will be launched in the future. For example, at Bismart
we developed a project for the insurance industry in which the client needed to
classify customers according to accident claims, so that the policy could be
 classified according to the number of claims predicted. Thus,
 the company can choose the costumers with the lowest number of claims.