
Inferential statistics:(remind)
We make references about populations by examining one or more random samples drawn from that population.
We used Monte Carlo simulation and the key idea there, as we saw in trying to find the value
of pi was that we can generate lots of random samples,and then use them to compute confidence
intervals, and then we use the empirical rule to say, we really have good reason to believe that
95% of the time we run this simulation our answer will be between here and here.
that's all well and good when we're doing simulations.
But what happen when we to actually sample something real.For example we run an experiment,and we
get some data points.and it's too hard to do it over and over again.

Probability sampling:
* Each memeber of the population has a nonzero probability of being included in  a sample.
* Simple random sampling: each member has an equal chance of being chosen

Suppose we wanted to survey MIT students to find out what fraction of them are nerds.
So suppose we wanted to consider  a random sample of 100 students.We could walk around
campus and choose 100 people at random, and if 12% were nerds, we would say 12% of the MIT
undergraduates are nerds.we used stratified sampling when there are small groups, subgroups,
that we want to make sure are represented.and we want to represent them proportional to their
size in the population.This can also be used to reduce the needed size of the sample..
If we want to make sure we got some architecture students in our sample, we'd need to get more
than 100 people to start with.But if we stratify, we can take fewer samples.It works well when
we do it properly.But it can be tricky to do it properly.and we are going to stick to simple
random samples here.

*numpy.std -> is function in the numpy module that returns the standard deviation

*random.sample(population,sampleSize)->returns  a list containing sampleSize randomly
chosen distinct elements of population

*sampling without replacement->you take a sample,and then it's out of the population,so we won't
draw it the next time.

Or we can do sampling with replacement which allows us to draw the same sample multiple times.

Here this code used sampling without replacement.

* pylab.axvline(x=popMean,color='r') draws a red vertical line at pop Mean on the x-axis.

*There's also a pylab.axhline function : that'll show us where the mean is.

*‌pylab.errorbar(xVals,sizeMeans,yerrors=1.96*pylab.array(sizeSDs),fmt='o',label='95% confidence interval)




Compare Distributions:


Skew:is  a measure of the asymmetry probability distribution.
the more skew we have, the more samples we're going to need to get a good approximation.
So if the population is very skewed,very asymmetric in the distribution, we need
a lot of samples to figure out what's going on.if it's very uniform we need many fewer samples.
when we go about deciding how many samples we need.we need to have some estimate
of the skew in our population



To estimate mean from a single sample:
1)Choose sample size based on estimate of skew in population

2)Choose a random sample from population

3)Compute the mean and standard deviation of that sample

4)Use the standard deviation of that sample to estimate SE .

(standard error=population standard deviation/size of the sample)
(once standard deviation of sample = standard deviation of pop)
then( standard error=standard deviation of sample/size of the sample)

so mean of pop= meanOfSample +- standard error)

This will turn out to be a good estimate.and then once we've done that, we use the estimated
standard error to generate confidence intervals around the sample mean, and we're done.

